{title}
---
Bounding Mean First Passage Times in Population Continuous-Time Markov Chains.
Alternative Characterizations of Probabilistic Trace Equivalences on Coherent Resolutions of Nondeterminism.
Markovian Arrival Processes in Multi-dimensions.
Automatic Pre- and Postconditions for Partial Differential Equations.
The Dynamic Fault Tree Rare Event Simulator.
Entropy Measurement of Concurrent Disorder.
CogQN: A Queueing Model that Captures Human Learning of the User Interfaces of Session-Based Systems.
Tracking the Race Between Deep Reinforcement Learning and Imitation Learning.
Importance of Interaction Structure and Stochasticity for Epidemic Spreading: A COVID-19 Case Study.
Probabilistic Model Checking of AODV.
Multi-player Equilibria Verification for Concurrent Stochastic Games.
A Matlab Toolkit for the Analysis of Two-Level Processor Sharing Queues.
Hardening Critical Infrastructure Networks Against Attacker Reconnaissance.
SafePILCO: A Software Tool for Safe and Data-Efficient Policy Synthesis.
Sensitivity Analysis and Uncertainty Quantification of State-Based Discrete-Event Simulation Models Through a Stacked Ensemble of Metamodels.
StochNetV2: A Tool for Automated Deep Abstractions for Stochastic Reaction Networks.
Loss-Size and Reliability Trade-Offs Amongst Diverse Redundant Binary Classifiers.
Bayesian Inference by Symbolic Model Checking.
Machine Learning for Reliability Analysis of Large Scale Systems.
M/M/1 Vacation Queue with Multiple Thresholds: A Fluid Analysis.
Computation of the Transient in Max-Plus Linear Systems via SMT-Solving.
Probabilistic Guarantees for Safe Deep Reinforcement Learning.
Learning Specifications for Labelled Patterns.
On Subgame Perfect Equilibria in Turn-Based Reachability Timed Games.
Computing Maximally-Permissive Strategies in Acyclic Timed Automata.
Guarded Autonomous Transitions Increase Conciseness and Expressiveness of Timed Automata.
Weakness Monitors for Fail-Aware Systems.
Deep Reinforcement Learning with Temporal Logics.
Active Learning of Timed Automata with Unobservable Resets.
Incremental Methods for Checking Real-Time Consistency.
Embedding Online Runtime Verification for Fault Disambiguation on Robonaut2.
Dynamic Causes for the Violation of Timed Reachability Properties.
Reachability Analysis of Nonlinear Systems Using Hybridization and Dynamics Scaling.
Backward Symbolic Optimal Reachability in Weighted Timed Automata.
Clairvoyant Monitoring for Signal Temporal Logic.
On the Semantics of Polychronous Polytimed Specifications.
Certifying Emptiness of Timed Büchi Automata.
